README.md, before:

first recording: 1.10.2025  
  
[v2] - added re:bound and onebitadventure, oba has file error inside vs studio (1.10.25)  
[v2.1] - tried fixing ditd, stt, and rocketpult 404 errors (1.10.25)  
[v2.2] - fixed merging issues (1.10.25)  
[v2.3] - fixed die in the dungeon, stt and rocketpult still 404ing  (1.10.2025)  
[v2.4] - renamed webpage to match kp, and retrying to fix stt and rocketpult (1.10.2025)  
[v2.5] - added rogue isles, drop guardian, ouroboros, and knee surgery simulator (1.12.2025)  
[v2.6] - added run 3, fixed knee surgery sim (1.12.2025)  
[v2.7] - fixed run 3 on homepage, added crossy road, solipskier, and yohoho (1.13.2025)  
[v2.8] - deleted run 3 and yohoho, added duck life 3 and epic loot plz (1.13.2025)  
[v2.9] - readded run 3 as swf file, moved epic loot plz to archive, and changed ui a little bit (1.14.2025)  
[v2.10] - added hypersnake (1.15.2025)  
[v2.11] - fixed hypersnake, added ragdoll archers (1.16.2025)  
[v2.12] - google analytics, idle pinball and ovo 2, and archived run 3 and knee surgery simulator (1.23.2025)  
[v2.13] - added ragdoll hit, push your luck, stickman hook, ovo dimensoins, and temple of boom, fixed background stars (1.29.2025)  
[v2.14] - balatro only lol (2.3.2025)  
[v2.15] - added retro bowl, dance of fire and ice, stacktris, and deepest sword (2.4.2025)  
[v2.16] - first pokerogue test

Commit message:

[v2.7] - added pesticide not required and level 9 access

README.md, after:

first recording: 1.10.2025  
  
[v2] - added re:bound and onebitadventure, oba has file error inside vs studio (1.10.25)  
[v2.1] - tried fixing ditd, stt, and rocketpult 404 errors (1.10.25)  
[v2.2] - fixed merging issues (1.10.25)  
[v2.3] - fixed die in the dungeon, stt and rocketpult still 404ing  (1.10.2025)  
[v2.4] - renamed webpage to match kp, and retrying to fix stt and rocketpult (1.10.2025)  
[v2.5] - added rogue isles, drop guardian, ouroboros, and knee surgery simulator (1.12.2025)  
[v2.6] - added run 3, fixed knee surgery sim (1.12.2025)  
[v2.7] - fixed run 3 on homepage, added crossy road, solipskier, and yohoho (1.13.2025)  
[v2.8] - deleted run 3 and yohoho, added duck life 3 and epic loot plz (1.13.2025)  
[v2.9] - readded run 3 as swf file, moved epic loot plz to archive, and changed ui a little bit (1.14.2025)  
[v2.10] - added hypersnake (1.15.2025)  
[v2.11] - fixed hypersnake, added ragdoll archers (1.16.2025)  
[v2.12] - google analytics, idle pinball and ovo 2, and archived run 3 and knee surgery simulator (1.23.2025)  
[v2.13] - added ragdoll hit, push your luck, stickman hook, ovo dimensoins, and temple of boom, fixed background stars (1.29.2025)  
[v2.14] - balatro only lol (2.3.2025)  
[v2.15] - added retro bowl, dance of fire and ice, stacktris, and deepest sword (2.4.2025)  
[v2.16] - first pokerogue test (2.5.2025)  
[v2.17] - added pesticide not required and level 9 access (2.6.2025)
